well howdy there internet people is Bo
again before we even start I want to say
yes I understand and I'm talking in
generalities not everything I'm going to
say is true of all women or all men go
ahead and hashtag it not all men not all
women whatever I am speaking in
generalities but there there's an
important lesson to be learned here I've
talked about it in other videos and up
until this point I didn't really have an
experience I can clearly detail because
the last time I talked about this was
during the Cavanaugh hearings and the
experiences were more private they
couldn't be discussed the way we're
going to do this guy's men in particular
okay hey listen up your social media
posts are seen by people in your real
life and it shapes their opinion of you
so your pizza cutter comments all edge
and no point they they may not say
things that you want them to say about
you during the Cavanaugh hearing we had
a bunch of guys just commenting well
she's a liar she's making it up and the
women who they don't know we're sexually
assaulted who are in their life we're
looking at dumb light because it echoed
what was said about them or the reason
they didn't come forward now during the
abortion debate got a lot of the same
thing happening so I had this
conversation and basically it starts
with hey is one of my friends still
single and I'm like yeah he's a single
dad with five kids and one of them the
special needs of course he's still
single again I understand not all women
it was a joke but I thought you were
dating guy X she's like no not anymore
what happened
there was we had an argument over
abortion but y'all are both pro-life
well it wasn't really about abortion he
shared a meme oh do tell what was this
meme that ended a two-year relationship
breaking news women don't like the
government forcing them to be a mother
they only want government to force men
to be fathers right now guys are like
well it's about child support and that's
where the train of thought stops right
women are more intuitive they see things
they read things that we don't see now
once it was sent to me yeah I completely
got cutting a monthly check that's not
being a father guys that is not being a
father paying child support and does not
make you a father now if you are a woman
who is very interested in having
children somebody who shares this meme
oh they're no longer a suitable
candidate because they're gonna phone it
in they're gonna do the bare minimum I
know there's guys out there right now
going what it's just mean stop letting
other people define your thoughts like
that because this is what happens you
may not agree with that statement you
may not really mean that but you
co-signed it you shared it you put it
out there with your picture and your
name on it and then what normally
happens is somebody challenges it in the
comment section or in the replies and
then you double down and defend it and
the people in your life see that they
see it and it shapes their opinion of
you stop using memes it limits your
thought that's why on the Facebook page
you can't share images
if you want to discuss something discuss
it don't don't just pair it with
somebody else thought and put on a
picture so somewhere there's a guy
saying oh man we broke up
crazy psycho I mean she was arguing with
me about child support I will even have
kids yet psycho ex she saw something she
understood something that you didn't get
she read the subtext of what you were
saying even though you may not have
meant it it's an important lesson to
learn anyway it's just a fault y'all
have a good night